fix: add missing step in instructions (#32)
nodeshift/ubi-nodejs-extension: README.md

      registry if you are not running a local registry.
   1. run `docker push localhost:5000/test-builder` to push the builder to the
      local registry or push to a public registry if desired.
1. Pull the run images needed by the extension. These are not pulled automatically
   when you build the application.
   1. run `docker pull quay.io/midawson/ubi8-paketo-run-nodejs-18`
   1. run `docker pull quay.io/midawson/ubi8-paketo-run-nodejs-16`
1. Build your Node.js application with the new builder:
   1. run `pack build test-app --path ./app-dir --builder localhost:5000/test-builder --network host -v`
      where test-app will be the name of the image built and app-dir is
      directory that contains your Node.js application. Replace

>       `172.17.0.1:5000` with the host:port for the public repository

Author: ```suggestion
      `localhost:5000` with the host:port for the public repository
```
